Now other applications have gotten sufficiently complex we're going to look at a way to organize our
code to make it a little bit more organized.
So our objectives will be to define a presentational component and compare that with the container component.
Define the combined reducers function defined action creators.
And finally to describe a folder structure for redux.
So what is a presentational component.
Well you can think of it as a dumb component.
It does nothing but concern itself with how things look on the screen and it can often be described
as a stateless functional component.
But that's not always the case a presentational component can still be one state but typically the state
should be concerned with the UI and not with data in the application
Conversely a container component is usually a staple component that deals with application data.
And this is often created with high order components that we've seen before like connect or with router.
Dan Asimov who we talked about quite a bit in this course also has a nice write up about the difference
between presentational and container components.
So I'd highly recommend checking this out.
He goes into some detail on how to spot a presentational component and how to spot a container component.
It's a few years old but I think still pretty relevant.
Next up we need to talk about combine reducers.
So so far we've just had one big reducer function and that's fine for smaller things.
But when the application starts getting more complex the reducers files can get very large.
So combine reducers allows us to compose reducers we have multiple reducers that are only concerned
with a small piece of the whole state.
Here's an example of what our application might look like using combined reducers.
So we combined two separate reducers one called Current User and one called messages to create our route
reducer.
Using this combined reducers function.
And what this does is it creates a key in our state called current user.
And then the current user reducer is only concerned with data that's inside of that key.
And the same with messages we have a key called messages and the messages reducer is only concerned
with state.
Inside of that key
this is what the messages reducer might look like.
And notice here the state we're passing in is an array.
So the value that your producer is concerned with doesn't have to be an object.
It could be an array or it could just be a string or any other piece of javascript data.
Now since this is an array the data that we return here is going to also be an array not an object.
Next up action creators.
So so far in our application we've created actions like this in a map dispatched to prop's you might
see something like On log out.
In this case dispatch.
And then we'll just create the action right there.
This can get a little cumbersome after a while because we have lots of different types floating around
and there's no one central place where they live.
So an alternative approach would just be to create a function that returns this action object.
And then those actions would live in a folder called actions.
This may seem like a small change but it does really clean up your code.
And when you get more complex actions it helps out quite a bit.
So this leads us to a redux directory structure up until this point.
All of our code has been in one giant source folder and you might have already been feeling a little
lost with all the files that are in one directory.
So this is a proposed directory structure that you can sort of modify and add to if you like.
But usually these four folders are are useful to have.
So the actions folder is the folder that contains all of our action creators just like the one we just
saw components will be containing just presentational components.
Containers will be container components and reducers will be our reproducer as well as any other reducers
reducer uses.
So the reducer will do combined reducers and it will compose itself using other sub Britishers.
And lastly will have the index G-S which uses react on render and kicks off the application.
That's all for this one.
Next up we'll take a look at an example from the redux docs and see this folder structure in action.